Yeah, as far as marketing, after seven days they go to the basic. They have an option of kicking it right back up to the premium and we have to make sure, as far as the builders are concerned, it has to be adjustable to people's lifestyles because people all of a sudden become diabetics. I have clients all the time. I have a client recently, out of nowhere, his gestational diabetes kicked in and now he's on GLP-1s and he's never been doing anything like that in his entire life. So they have to have flexibility in that. And some people, type 2 diabetics, all of a sudden become regular and then they can change to a regular meal builder. So that has to have flexibility. The $29.99 is a specialty. We're going to do lab values. You're going to add lab values eventually. That'll be up there. So if somebody wants to use their lab values, they pay for the $29.99. If they're using a coach or a doctor, $29.99. If they're going to do the Beachbody, $29.99. So that's not going to be part of the free trial because that's the specialty thing. In seven days, you're not going to use a coach in seven days. You're not going to use a doctor in seven days. None of those things happen within a week. So they get the full $19.99 in basic package, the full basic and premium package for seven days. After seven days, it drops down to $9.99 and the client has the option to keep it at $19.99, move it back up to $19.99. They have that option. Also, we can explain to them during their—while they're making these decisions, you know, I mean, diabetes and GLP-1 are pretty explanatory. They're all kind of self-explanatory, but we're dealing with the public, so we got to assume ignorance across the board. So, a little explanation is, you know, a weekly meal builder, regular diet, no specialty diet, just healthy meal—just healthy meal choices. Diabetic—diabetic meal choices based on blood sugar, GLP-1, you know, based off of nutrition and, you know, quantities, whatever, and anti-inflammatory based off of, you know, those type of things. So, a little explanation for each builder so they can make the right choice.