Yeah, just repeat the sync. The system was fine, because when it went over there, it would add the new targets, and it would add another section, and that section of macros would be what has the different color, yellow, pink, and white lines to show you when you're up to 89%, 90%, 91 to 99. So all that was predicated off, you know, when you press that button. So make sure it works the same way, because really the only difference is, is instead of pressing that button and navigating and taking you to the biometrics page, you don't need to. Nobody needs to go to the biometrics page from the macro calculator. There's really no need to do it. So when they press that button, the only thing that happens is it triggers the biometrics page. We don't want to navigate to there. We just want it to trigger and make sure that it does its job, and it sends those numbers over. But at the same time, the numbers need to be sent to the meal builders. That's kind of my question. That's what's been stumping me for months is how do we... You don't... Both of those, actually, you don't want to have to... Basically, if you just send it to the biometrics and then you go to the meal builder and you make meals, you have to send all the meals over to see whether or not you're close to your numbers. Right now, we're putting that on the actual meal builder at the bottom of the meal builder. So as they build their meals, they can see where they're at. And then once they get there, they send their stuff to the macro table, and the macro table already has these numbers. So that's how this is supposed to work. So that's why we don't need to go to biometrics straight from the macro calculator. So you hit the button. It says, you know, set your date, set your targets. You hit that button, and then the second button, people need to know, this is what you do first. And then secondly, boom, we'll go to the builder. And then the builder has the same information at the bottom. Does that make sense? That's how this is supposed to work. Also, once they make their meals and they see it at the bottom, then they'll know what they're sending over. So now, boom, they send it over, and now it goes over to the macro calculator when they send their... And that does that... Well, it was doing that. I hope you didn't change that too. But when you add to your macros, you automatically go to the biometrics page, and then you can kind of look at everything. And we also have the... Once you put your weight in, you hit that button, and it saves your weight. And I think it should automatically save your weight. Right now, we had it set up where it goes over, but the person has to go save it. That's stupid. It should just save the weight automatically. So take a look at that too on a macro calculator. Don't forget that. That should just save your weight. You shouldn't have to go over there and press any buttons.