Honestly, I want the architect to really think about what we're doing here with the images of the meals, how we got this thing set up. I don't want to keep playing whack-a-mole, and that's basically what we're doing. I need some real deep thinking, not implementation, just what's the best way to present this app to the world. All my ideas are in here, but the way to make them work is the problem. How do we make a complicated system like this work consistently? I would love to just say, you know what, let's just do stock images, and if people want to do a meal prep the way they want to do it, then they just figure that out on their own. If they want a well-done steak, they got to figure that out. We can present the food and the macros, but the preparation, to me, that makes this app special is the preparation. I'm just thinking, does it have to be in the image? But then it kind of looks weird if you say I want scrambled eggs, but the image is sunny side up. Does that matter? It might not matter. Maybe as long as the meal instructions, the preparation instructions, I'm sorry, cooking instructions show you how to cook, how to scramble it, or explain to you how to make it well done, or maybe it's that way. Maybe the image doesn't have to match the preparation style. Maybe the preparation style is implemented after the image. Maybe you just push eggs, scrambled eggs, or maybe you put scrambled eggs, or maybe no, you just put eggs and blah, blah, blah, and then it just shows whatever, a stock image of those foods, but then on the meal card, you click the preparation, and then it shows you that in the cooking instructions. Maybe that's the best way. This is what I want to do. I think we need to really figure this out, because right now, it's not working, and we're trying too many different ways, and I can't think of any other way unless we just take meal, unless we take the preparation out of it, which I think, I don't know. Do we take the, no other app is doing any of this shit, so how much do we need to do as opposed to how much should we make sure we do?