I get everything you're saying. I also want to mention this. All of these meal cards, they look pretty similar. Right now, we have a great image generator. They're generating images. The images persist. When I come back the next day, the images are the same. They don't fall back to to a generic picture. If these meal cards, seriously, if the Craving Creator meal card and the Fridge Rescue meal card and all the meal builders, if those meal cards are basically the same meal card, the only difference is the builders have Create with Chef on them and the other ones don't. Basically, everything else, even right now, I don't understand why Craving Creator doesn't have medical badges. If somebody creates a meal, they should still have medical badges saying what it does and what it doesn't do. For some reason, Fridge Rescue doesn't do that, and neither does Craving Creator. We got to look at that next. But anyway, the meal badges. The cards should be the same. They should read the same. They should park everything. They should all be the same. If they're all the same, all you're really doing is doing what? You're just taking a meal card from Fridge Rescue or Craving Creator and you're using that in the meal builder. It's just doing the same thing. I don't want to change things, but if we're just pulling a meal card from somewhere else instead of pulling it from the meal builder, that's basically what we're saying here. Because I'm assuming every meal builder has the name of the meal, breakfast, a picture, a description, a badge, macros, ingredients, instructions, add to macro button, copy recipe button. They all pretty much have the same thing. The only thing Fridge Rescue and Craving Creator will have now is they will have a add to meal plan button that they click and then they can add it to whatever breakfast, lunch, or dinner for that day. And the meal builders have a create with chef and a plus button that Fridge Rescue doesn't have and Craving Creator doesn't have. Those really should be the only differences. Do I make sense? Am I making any sense here?