Okay, what I'm thinking about here is, before we do all of this, what can we do about just speeding up the process without doing all of this first? Let's see how fast we can get this thing to work before we invest all of this time. Because this is a lot of work, a lot of work, without us making sure that we've exhausted every means of expediency when it comes to meal generation. Because I know we have a system that once a person makes a meal, it will statically hold that image, and the next time they ask for that meal, it comes out a lot faster. So let's say someone generates that meal in day one, and then they want to duplicate it in all the rest of the week. It shouldn't take anything for those meals to pop up. Or they change it next week to something different, and then they go back to it. It should come back really fast. So let's do that before we get into this. This is a lot of work, and I'm not going to do... I don't think we need to make nine images of eggs scrambled. If I just ask for eggs scrambled, it usually doesn't take that long to make. I've seen the premades made pretty quick, and I've seen them not. But some of the premades, and I mean this, the premades that do not need preparation are the ones that I'm talking about. The ones that need, like the ones that have a preparation card, I'm okay with that taking a little longer. It's the ones that do not require any meal, any preparation. It doesn't require for the steak to be a certain way. Those are the images that I'm talking about that need... that can just be static, like a protein shake. Protein shake, that's it. We don't even have chocolate. We don't even have flavors, so you don't even have to worry about that. A bowl of oats, a bowl of grits, that can be the same image every single time. So I think this list here is too involved, and I think the first thing we should do is first see if we can come up with a system that just makes the way it works right now faster, and then we can look at just those images that don't change no matter what. And those are the ones that we come up with the static images, not the ones that require preparation. None of the... if it requires... I'm looking at a list of things that require preparation. That's not what I'm talking about. That wasn't what I was talking about originally at all.