Okay, we don't have a free anything. You can, you're going to get, I'm going to give away seven days, either seven or 14 days. Seven, not 14. Seven days, free access. You sign up with your credit card for the basic and you get to, and you get seven days to use it, to use the entire app. Every, every aspect of the app is open to you. They get to pick only one meal builder because they don't need, if you don't need diabetes, why are you even looking at it? So they get to pick a meal builder, but they get access to all the upgrades for, and not, not, the 1999 upgrade. No, not all of them. They get the 1999 and their meal builder and everything in the 999 space. They get all of that biometrics, all that kind of stuff for seven days. And after seven days, they, they, they're at 1999. They can drop it to 999. If they don't want to use restaurant guide, if they don't want to use a fridge rescue, if they don't want to use any of those things, they can drop it to 999 if they want to. But most people aren't going to want to drop those because those are the things that you get to use the most, the dessert creator, all that cool shit. They're not going to want the kids. They're not going to want to drop that. So that's why it's set up that way. So that's how that's going to work. They only get one builder. If they have diabetes, it's a diabetes builder. If they're on GLP-1s, it's GLP-1s. If they're anti-inflammatory, it's anti-inflammatory. And actually the, the, the beach body is at 2999 because that's something that people are only going to do temporarily, getting ready for wedding events, getting ready for the summer, getting ready for stuff like that. That's not going to be a thing that they use on a regular basis. So that they sign up for temporarily. And obviously the professional stuff is all, you know, in its own place. So the only daily, the only builders that people have access to that they're going to use regularly is the weekly meal builder for regular people on regular diets, GLP-1, diabetes and anti-inflammatory.