My app review Hello, 

Thank you for submitting the new app, My Perfect Meals, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: a8b7dcfb-1bfb-4ccb-8490-e0c60e26fce6
Review date: December 31, 2025
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

We noticed that your app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than in-app purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- Your app accesses digital content purchased outside the app, such as subscriptions, but that content isn't available to purchase using in-app purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by your app must be available for purchase in the app using only in-app purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using in-app purchase. See Guideline 3.1.3(b) Multiplatform Services for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in your app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement in-app purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating in-app purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about our policies for apps that offer paid digital content and services.


Guideline 1.4.1 - Safety - Physical Harm

The app includes medical information but does not include citations for the medical information. 

Specifically, the app provides health or medical calculations  without citations, such as links to sources for this information.

All apps with medical and health information should include citations to ensure users are provided accurate information.

Next Steps

Include citations in the app of the sources of the recommendations or information, such as links to those sources. The citations to the sources should be easy for the user to find. 

Resources 

Learn more about requirements for medical apps in guideline 1.4.1.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
