I'm going to try this again. I have access to all the meal builders. So earlier, weeks ago, if I made a change for breakfast in the weekly meal builder, it reflected across all meal builders. I'm assuming we fixed that because all meal builders need to be able to operate independently because they all have different guardrails. However, when it comes to what we're talking about right now, I don't think we need to do that much heavy lifting so that all meal builders work independently because each user will only see their meal builder. They won't see all the other ones like I do. As long as their meal builder is building their meals the way it's supposed to, Kraven Creator and Fridge Rescue don't necessarily work that way because they're creating those meals. They want those meals. So those need to just go in and it doesn't matter if all meal builders are affected on my end. So if I see, if I change something in Kraven Creator and I add it to breakfast on the weekly meal builder, I don't care if it shows up on all the meal builders because I'm seeing all the meal builders. I'm behind the scenes. The users, when they're using it, they will only see it reflect on their meal builder. What I'm trying to do is minimize how much changing we're doing to the backend. I don't want to create this system and change the backend of each meal. I don't want to have to do this individually with each meal builder because it doesn't really matter. The user is making these decisions. So the guardrails kind of come off when it comes to Kraven Creator as far as their meal builders. As far as their meal builders are concerned, the guardrails need to come off when a person says, I'm going to make this in Fridge Rescue or I'm going to make this in Kraven Creator and I'm going to put this in my meal slot. The user can do that if they want to. Once they put it in that meal slot, I don't really see the need for that builder to convert that to a GLP-1 style meal or a diabetic based off the glucose style meal because then that's way too much work and I don't want to do all that. If a client makes something in Kraven Creator or they make something out of their food in Fridge Rescue and they want to add it to their meal board for the day, that's fine. What do you think about that? does that make sense